Sixth Sense, Sixth Sense, How did I know?
Impression, Impression, The moment we met
A love alert resounds in my chest
The future is a spontaneous choice
We will surely... Fall in love
Oh... Probably right on spot
Oh... I guess that? Go with it
Hey, there's no way I can explain it
Without even knowing who you are
You introduced yourself half-heartedly
With a cold "Nice to meet you."
Can't put a finger on it,
my heart is electrified
A dangerous premonition
runs through my whole body
I can't just pass by, I stop in my tracks
I want to get closer,
but what should I do?
Wait a second, Lady!
Saying goodbye here
Would be too disappointing
Sixth Sense, Sixth Sense,
There's something here
Got a feeling, Got a feeling,
don’t you feel it?
I got a jolt out of you
You're playing it cool,
but I wanna love you
Realizing it's fate, You wanna love me?
Oh... Absolute Sixth Sense
Oh... Please be good to me, Sixth Sense
It's like I've known you
from long ago, or maybe not
You’re like déjà vu
With a direct pulse to the heart
I see through everything
You don't believe it, do you?
How tonight will turn out
Care to venture a guess?
Sixth Sense, Sixth Sense,
It’s not about reason
God says, God says, I can hear it
It’s Dreaming, surely Dreaming,
a dream come true
Soon, you'll understand. I wanna hold you
I'm not lying, You wanna kiss me?
You wanna kiss me?
Wait a second, Lady!
Saying goodbye here
Would be too disappointing
Sixth Sense, Sixth Sense,
There's something here
Got a feeling, Got a feeling,
Don’t you feel it?
I got a jolt out of you
You're playing it cool,
but I wanna love you
Realizing it's fate, You wanna love me?
Oh... Absolute Sixth Sense
Oh... Please be good to me, Sixth Sense